#### Prerequisites
You need a KSS file generated by ABINIT; I include the necessary files here to produce a nicely converged one that should not be too time consuming to generate. 

#### Commands

To run the complete set of tutorials you can run the following:

```bash
abinit < si_kss_gen.files > si_kss_gen.log; rm *_DDB *_DEN *_EIG *_WFK *_LOG*; ln -s sio_DS2_KSS si.kss;\
dp -i dp_rpa.in -k si.kss > dp.log; rm log* mem* tree* *.kdotp*
```

#### Answers
1. What is the difference between the variables npwmat and matsh? And the variables npwwfn and npwmat?

2. What is the dimension of the dielectric matrix? What happens if you run again the program after setting the dimension of the dielectric matrix in the input file to 1?

3. Is a scissor operator used?
    No. We need to run DP with that option enabled in the input file, and we need to specify a value for the operator either with a GW correction or the experimental bandgap value.
4. Which xc kernel is used?
    We are using the RPA kernel, which means that the exchange-correlation function is 0.
5. How many k-points are used?
    128 for this shifted KSS file. These results are not fully converged but are sufficient for this tutorial.
6. Can you understand by reading the summary included at the beginning of the file what they contain?
    Files ending in 'lf' include local field effects while those ending with 'nlf' do not. Files starting with 'out' contain all the components of the dielectric function in different directions while files starting with 'ouc' just have the averaged values for the real and imaginary parts in all directions.
7. Were the variables in "dp_rpa.in" large enough to obtain a converged absorption spectrum?
    

#### Plots
Review the plot `tutorials/plots/00_dp_results.pdf` and the corresponding gnuplot file to see the results.
